 Click on login and select student. Now you have to login using your Google account, please click on login with Google. Select the mail ID that you have provided with us. If you are logging in for the first time, you will have to complete your profile. Select the topics that you are interested in and click on continue. Then check your name and details. Say yes you would wish to receive messages and click on done. And you will come to the main page which is on IBM skills bill for students. This is the main page for IBM skills bill for students. You have your multiple options in the bottom. To search a course, click on the search button available there. And type the course that you wish to complete a course on. I am doing critical thinking here for an example. When you search for the course you will get various results. Let's try to do one course on critical thinking. I am choosing what is critical thinking, course to be completed now. To complete the course, click on the course. This is the home page for the critical thinking course. You see the options available go to this activity and mark complete in the right bottom corner. To complete a course, click on go to this activity. The course here is a YouTube video that you need to watch. After watching the video, go back to skills bill page. When you come back to the skills bill page, it will prompt you with the message if you have completed the course. Click on yes mark complete. Do not change the duration. The duration of this course was 3 minutes. Click on submit. And you will see your course has been marked complete. To get certification, you see there are three dots on the top right corner. Click on it. You will see the various options available with the course. The first option talks about the completion certificate. Click on view completion certificate to get your certification. You can take a screenshot of this and submit in your WhatsApp groups. To go back to the main page of skills bill. Click on the cross logo here and you get to go back. To come to the main page of IBM skills bill for students, click on the back button. To check your progress, you can click on learning. And see the number of courses you have completed or have to complete. You can also check your progress by clicking on the hours. And see how many hours in courses you have completed. Based on the number of courses and as you complete, you would be awarded as elite learner or champion learner and the learners will get rewards from a student foundation.